they brought him in to solve an
unspeakable crime detective Dormer is
such an honor to meet you I'm detective
le fer welcome to night mute so
incredible to be working with you the
Leyland Street murders was my case study
at the academy
someone out there just beat a 17 year
old girl to death your job is to find
him doesn't say in the report that he
clipped her nails he washed her hair no
mutilation not this time
he torches him makes him do things and
keeps him there for three days
this guy he crossed the line and he
didn't even blink please
what detective Dormer doesn't know is
that murder is only part of the plan
domi killing changes you it's like quits
Who am I speaking to can't sleep well he
will taunt you you know sure secret
we know how easy it is to kill somebody
you will torment you after three days of
no sleep are you seeing things yet
objects of life he will get inside your
head very about five miles not a
nightmare
I'll be on eleven o'clock
I'm great respect for your profession
the situation isn't yours to control
will you try to impress me Finch
he had a road there took you ten minutes
to beat it contest no evidence that I
killed Kay
you only know it cuz I told you are you
doing okay I mean you haven't been
sleeping much detective drama no the
night off like that's me really gonna
lose it now the game has turned deadlier
than he ever imagined
this whole thing you do he could work
with me
hey she fins
don't worry well you can sleep when
you're dead